Then there is another form.
There's another model which is the Inmon's CIF or Corporate Information Factory.
In that case, we go from the data sources,
do a first ETL process,
and get everything at first in a 3NF database,
sometimes called the enterprise data warehouse.
So, we go and say, "Hey,
relax, it is normalized outside.
We're going to get it here also normalized,
we're going to do our cleaning,
we're going to do our integration and then we're going to have,
still in an improved copy of reality with the same model.
We're going to have an enterprise data warehouse.
So, sometimes the enterprise data warehouse just
means the normalized part in a CIF architecture.
Then, from that clean one,
we're still going to do that data marts.
But now that data marts are not uncoordinated because they have one baseline.
So, this tries to strike a little bit balance between
independence of departments doing the data marts,
and not having like totally independent ETL that could lead to inconsistencies.
You'll see that the front room,
the BI application here,
our dining area, it's like an open kitchen in a way.
Because the backroom starts from here
and up to there because all of this is ETL processes,
that's a kitchen area where things are prepared.
But actually the BI application have a chance to get data from the data mart,
but also from the normalized enterprise data warehouse, if so desired,
the data in its original format before
the dimensional modelling is available to the BI application.
So, here in CIF we have two ETL processes,
one that takes data from the source system to the normalized database,
and from the normalized database to the departmental data marts,
one is data acquisition and one is data delivery.
The normalized database, which is the enterprise wide data store,
is single, it's integrated and could be accessed by the end users.
And also the practice in these data marts,
that unlike the Kimball dimensional models, these are aggregated.
Why? Because we can afford it.
Why can we afford that?
Because actually if you need something really more atomic and aggregated,
you can go back and get it from the unnormalized data store,
or do another aggregation for its after inspection.
That would also be physical.